Store PersistentCollection changes in entity change set as array (#9939)
doctrine/doctrine2: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade to 3.0

> ## BC BREAK: Changed entity change set when a `Collection` is modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## BC BREAK: Changed entity changeset when a `Collection` is modified
```

When working with an entity with a `Collection` property, when that property
is changed, the changeset stored in `UnitOfWork` includes the old and the new

> value of this property as array of two items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value of this property as an array of two items.
```
